#summary Thoughts for Scalaz 5.0

= Introduction =

Scalaz 5.0 will target Scala 2.8.0.


= Details =

  * Can SBT handle shifting around the Scala version so we can build against trunk? Yes, it is simple to target a particular nightly snapshot release from scala-tools.org, or a locally installed version of scala. 
  * Will SBT handle incremental updates during development well?
  * Will SBT handle releases? -- On the scalaz4 2.8 branch, I configured SBT to create binary, source, and javadoc jars for each module, and publish them to scala-tools. We also need a zip containing everything, which won't be hard.
  * There should be a `join (***) function` in the library if not already
  * Arrow should inherit from Category (see Haskell's Control.Category)
  * Use mixins so users only need one import.
  * Organise source files and implicits better.
  * Find the limits of type constructor inference and usability.
  * Find the limits of named default arguments and usability.
  * Only two code branches; experimental and core.
  * `scalaz.geo` include Vincenty's direct/inverse algorithms
  * Is there a continuous build that works yet? -- jzaugg: I'll ping Dave Pollack again on this one...
  * Use unicode identifiers where appropriate. Include an ASCII equivalent if one doesn't already exist.
  * Support / take advantage of the new collections hierarchy. e.g. can we just have a single instance of Pure for all collections?

= Links =

  * [http://www.scala-lang.org/node/2075 Named default arguments]
  * [http://haskell.org/sitewiki/images/8/85/TMR-Issue13.pdf Typeclassopedia]
  * [https://lampsvn.epfl.ch/trac/scala/browser/scala/trunk/src/library/scala/Predef.scala#L273 Predef.scala with notes about conforms (<:<)]
  * [http://www.scala-lang.org/archives/downloads/distrib/files/nightly/distributions/scala-2.8.0.latest.tgz Latest nightly Scala 2.8.0] | [http://www.scala-lang.org/node/212/distributions Nightly distributions]
  * [http://hackage.haskell.org/packages/archive/category-extras/latest/doc/html/doc-index.html Category Extras Documentation]